doc/src/main/tut/modules.md, before:

---
layout: docs
title: The many modules of AckCord
position: 2
---

# {{page.title}}
While the modules listed at the start are the main modules you want to depend on, AckCord has many more if you feel that you don't need the full package.

{% assign versions = site.data.versions %}

## ackcord-data
```scala
libraryDependencies += "net.katsstuff" %%% "ackcord-data" % "{{versions.ackcord}}"
```
Provides access to all the data objects, encoders and decoders used by AckCord. This module is also crosscompiled for Scala.Js. Wonderful if you want to build a web panel for your bot in Scala, and don't want to redefine all the data objects.

## ackcord-network
```scala
libraryDependencies += "net.katsstuff" %% "ackcord-network" % "{{versions.ackcord}}"
```
The base network module of AckCord. You probably don't want to depend on this alone unless you're adding new requests to AckCord.

## ackcord-rest
```scala
libraryDependencies += "net.katsstuff" %% "ackcord-rest" % "{{versions.ackcord}}"
```
Contains all the rest requests in AckCord.

## ackcord-image
```scala
libraryDependencies += "net.katsstuff" %% "ackcord-image" % "{{versions.ackcord}}"
```
Contains all the image requests in AckCord. Here for completion sake, although if you only depend on this you should probably find a more light weight solution.

## ackcord-oauth
```scala
libraryDependencies += "net.katsstuff" %% "ackcord-oatuh" % "{{versions.ackcord}}"
```
Contains the building blocks for making an OAuth application using AckCord.

## ackcord-websockets
```scala
libraryDependencies += "net.katsstuff" %% "ackcord-websockets" % "{{versions.ackcord}}"
```
The base websockets module of AckCord. It makes even less sense to depend on this alone than the network module.

## ackcord-gateway
```scala
libraryDependencies += "net.katsstuff" %% "ackcord-gateway" % "{{versions.ackcord}}" //The gateway module of AckCord
```
Contains the code for the AckCord gateway implementation. Depend on this if you want to build custom logic from the gateway and on. You might want to consider `ackcord-util` instead though.

## ackcord-voice
```scala
libraryDependencies += "net.katsstuff" %% "ackcord-voice" % "{{versions.ackcord}}"
```
Contains all the code for the voice stuff in AckCord.

## ackcord-util
```scala
libraryDependencies += "net.katsstuff" %% "ackcord-util" % "{{versions.ackcord}}"
```
Misc utilities for AckCord that does not rely on the memory cache snapshot. If you want to build from the gateway and on, or want a custom cache implementation, this is probably what you want to depend on.

## ackcord-commands
```scala
libraryDependencies += "net.katsstuff" %% "ackcord-commands" % "{{versions.ackcord}}"
```
The base commands API module. Does not work without an implementation.

## ackcord-lavaplayuer
```scala
libraryDependencies += "net.katsstuff" %% "ackcord-lavaplayer" % "{{versions.ackcord}}"
```
AckCord provides a module to use Lavaplayer to send audio to Discord. Does not work without an implementation.

## ackcord-core
```scala
libraryDependencies += "net.katsstuff" %% "ackcord-core" % "{{versions.ackcord}}"
```
The low level API module of AckCord. Provides the in memory cache.

## ackcord-commands-core
```scala
libraryDependencies += "net.katsstuff" %% "ackcord-commands-core" % "{{versions.ackcord}}"
```
Provides an implementation for the commands module using core.

## ackcord-lavaplayer-core
```scala
libraryDependencies += "net.katsstuff" %% "ackcord-lavaplayer-core" % "{{versions.ackcord}}"
```
Provides an implementation for the lavaplayer module using core.

To use, first create an instance of the `LavaplayerHandler` actor. This actor should be shared for an entire guild. Check the objects in the companion object of `LavaplayerHandler` for the valid messages you can send it.

## ackcord
```scala
libraryDependencies += "net.katsstuff" %% "ackcord" % "{{versions.ackcord}}"
```
The high level API, includes all the other modules.

Commit message:

Added binatray repo as resolver in README (#12)
* Added binatray repo as resolver in README

I just added this resolver as I just had this issue while trying to import dependencies... It would fail for the lavaplay dependency, searching it at `https://repo1.maven.org/maven2` instead of `http://jcenter.bintray.com`.
It might just come from my IntelliJ configuration though, I didn't spent much time investigating to be honest

* changed resolver to use builtin sbt bintray resolver

* added resolver line to docs

* now using Resolver.JCenterRepository

doc/src/main/tut/modules.md, after:

---
layout: docs
title: The many modules of AckCord
position: 2
---

# {{page.title}}
While the modules listed at the start are the main modules you want to depend on, AckCord has many more if you feel that you don't need the full package.

{% assign versions = site.data.versions %}

### Make sure to add the following line to your SBT file :
```scala
resolvers += Resolver.JCenterRepository
```

---

## ackcord-data
```scala
libraryDependencies += "net.katsstuff" %%% "ackcord-data" % "{{versions.ackcord}}"
```
Provides access to all the data objects, encoders and decoders used by AckCord. This module is also crosscompiled for Scala.Js. Wonderful if you want to build a web panel for your bot in Scala, and don't want to redefine all the data objects.

## ackcord-network
```scala
libraryDependencies += "net.katsstuff" %% "ackcord-network" % "{{versions.ackcord}}"
```
The base network module of AckCord. You probably don't want to depend on this alone unless you're adding new requests to AckCord.

## ackcord-rest
```scala
libraryDependencies += "net.katsstuff" %% "ackcord-rest" % "{{versions.ackcord}}"
```
Contains all the rest requests in AckCord.

## ackcord-image
```scala
libraryDependencies += "net.katsstuff" %% "ackcord-image" % "{{versions.ackcord}}"
```
Contains all the image requests in AckCord. Here for completion sake, although if you only depend on this you should probably find a more light weight solution.

## ackcord-oauth
```scala
libraryDependencies += "net.katsstuff" %% "ackcord-oatuh" % "{{versions.ackcord}}"
```
Contains the building blocks for making an OAuth application using AckCord.

## ackcord-websockets
```scala
libraryDependencies += "net.katsstuff" %% "ackcord-websockets" % "{{versions.ackcord}}"
```
The base websockets module of AckCord. It makes even less sense to depend on this alone than the network module.

## ackcord-gateway
```scala
libraryDependencies += "net.katsstuff" %% "ackcord-gateway" % "{{versions.ackcord}}" //The gateway module of AckCord
```
Contains the code for the AckCord gateway implementation. Depend on this if you want to build custom logic from the gateway and on. You might want to consider `ackcord-util` instead though.

## ackcord-voice
```scala
libraryDependencies += "net.katsstuff" %% "ackcord-voice" % "{{versions.ackcord}}"
```
Contains all the code for the voice stuff in AckCord.

## ackcord-util
```scala
libraryDependencies += "net.katsstuff" %% "ackcord-util" % "{{versions.ackcord}}"
```
Misc utilities for AckCord that does not rely on the memory cache snapshot. If you want to build from the gateway and on, or want a custom cache implementation, this is probably what you want to depend on.

## ackcord-commands
```scala
libraryDependencies += "net.katsstuff" %% "ackcord-commands" % "{{versions.ackcord}}"
```
The base commands API module. Does not work without an implementation.

## ackcord-lavaplayuer
```scala
libraryDependencies += "net.katsstuff" %% "ackcord-lavaplayer" % "{{versions.ackcord}}"
```
AckCord provides a module to use Lavaplayer to send audio to Discord. Does not work without an implementation.

## ackcord-core
```scala
libraryDependencies += "net.katsstuff" %% "ackcord-core" % "{{versions.ackcord}}"
```
The low level API module of AckCord. Provides the in memory cache.

## ackcord-commands-core
```scala
libraryDependencies += "net.katsstuff" %% "ackcord-commands-core" % "{{versions.ackcord}}"
```
Provides an implementation for the commands module using core.

## ackcord-lavaplayer-core
```scala
libraryDependencies += "net.katsstuff" %% "ackcord-lavaplayer-core" % "{{versions.ackcord}}"
```
Provides an implementation for the lavaplayer module using core.

To use, first create an instance of the `LavaplayerHandler` actor. This actor should be shared for an entire guild. Check the objects in the companion object of `LavaplayerHandler` for the valid messages you can send it.

## ackcord
```scala
libraryDependencies += "net.katsstuff" %% "ackcord" % "{{versions.ackcord}}"
```
The high level API, includes all the other modules.
